(GH-1491) Add deprecation message for bolt-inventory-pdb (#1496)
puppetlabs/bolt: CHANGELOG.md

## Bolt Next

### Deprecations

> * **WARNING**: Support for the `bolt-inventory-pdb` command will be dropped in the near future. Users can use the `puppetdb` plugin with a v2 inventory file to lookup targets from PuppetDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Support for the `bolt-inventory-pdb` command will be dropped in Bolt 2.0**. Users can use the [puppetdb inventory plugin](https://puppet.com/docs/bolt/latest/using_plugins.html#puppetdb) with a v2 inventory file to lookup targets from PuppetDB.
```
